Recruiting Process Do's ... and Don'ts:	 
選大學時，該做與不該做的事
Do's:
該做
Do start this process early.  Step one is to get on coaches’ radars - you can be recruited 
only  if coaches know you're out there!
儘快開始。首先是進入教練們的雷達-會被錄取只可能是教練知道你在那
Do begin writing coaches during your freshman year in HS and no later than your sophomore year. 
You will miss out on opportunities if you start late,
and the earlier you start you’ll sooner you’ll be better informed on your sport’s recruiting landscape.
高一就可寫信給教練，不要晚於高二。起步太晚會失掉不少機會，起步愈早，你會有更快、更好的運動錄取機會
Do your research. Start compiling a list of schools by attributes that are important to you:
 e.g. sports program, academics, size of campus, philosophy, school location, etc. 
 Rank attributes  that are most important to you.
自己深入研究，開始收集學校資訊是重要的，例如訓練安排，那些學科，訓練營的規模，哲學，學校位置…等。排名資訊是對你最重要的。
Do play at the highest level of club / school team you can, it's one of the best ways to be seen by college coaches.
 Even if coaches are attending a game or match to watch another prospect they will also see you compete.
參加你能夠進入的最高球隊，這是能被大學教練看到的最好方法。教練們去看比賽時，順便看到你的表現。
Do spread a fairly wide net in your original list of schools and coaches you write to.
 Even if you’re confident you have the ability to play at say a big D1 school, 
 get schools from other divisions and associations on your list.
 You may find that the a smaller school may be your best fit whether it’s due to academics, campus atmosphere,
 chance to play multiple sports, etc.
盡量廣泛收集學校和教練的清單，即使你很有自信你有能力去參加big D1 school，
收集較差、次級的分區或聯盟。你可能會發現小一點的學校也許是你的最佳選擇，因為它的學習環境，校園氣氛，可以接觸其他運動…等。
Do practice phone calls / Skype with an adult other than your parents (i.e. coach, teacher) prior to calling coaches.
 Important to learn good communication skills, don't make a bad impression the first time 
 you talk to a real college coach.
練習打電話/Skype給成人，除了自己的父母(如教練、老師)，在打給教練之前。
學習良好的溝通技巧是很重要的，在你第一次打給大學教練，別留下壞印象。
Do work on an  "elevator" speech - 
in 30 seconds be able to effectively tell a coach why you are interested in their school and 
why you believe you would be a good fit for their program.
練習電梯式短話-30秒內可以有效地告訴教練，為什麼你對他的學校有興趣，及為什麼你自信你可以適合他們的方案。
Do ask each coach you write what their typical recruiting timeline is.
問你有寫信的每一個教練，他們的傳統錄取時間表。
Do set up an online and hard copy file for all your correspondence to and from schools & coaches.
設計一個線上且有備分的檔案，記錄這些與學校教練間的書信往返記錄。
Do be honest with yourself about both you athletic and academic achievement levels, 
don't waste your time and coaches time by contacting schools if you already know you won't meet their athletic 
and/or  academic standards. Look at bios on current college team rosters for player athletic achievements / times etc. 
in high school and see how you compare.
請自我誠實關於運動及學業成績，不要浪費自己和教練的時間，如果你知道你達不到要求就不用去參訪學校。可以看一看目前大學校隊的球員 他們在高中時的成績，
和自己比一比。
Do ask your current coaches what they think of your prospects and where you can improve.
問一下你目前的教練，他們認為你的前途及可改善的地方 。
Do become familiar with Association rules (NCAA, NAIA, NJCAA)  rules early on in the process,
they vary by both sport and division.
熟悉聯盟的規則(NCAA, NAIA, NJCAA)，在找學校之前搞懂，會因為運動項目或級別而不同。
Do focus on the academic aspect of the schools first. You’re going to college not a sports academy. 
A good education is going to benefit you long after your playing career is over.
 Make sure you are only considering schools you would attend even if you were not playing a sport.
先專心於學校的課業。你是去一般大學而不是去運動學校。好的教育對你一輩子有益，尤其是運動生涯結束後。
確定你就是考慮你想讀的學校，而不是你要去參加校隊。
Do take advantage of the recruiting process to become independent, 
advocate for yourself and develop adult communication skills.
在這個招生過程中收獲。變得獨立，讓自己進步 ， 並學習建立成人的溝通技巧。

 
Don’ts:

Don't forget that most coaches are looking closely at your character and grades before they consider your athletic potential.

Don’t ask about scholarship money early on,

Don’t have your Parents or others contact college coaches on your behalf – advocate for yourself and demonstrate to coaches early on you can be self sufficient

Don’t worry about what other players you know are doing, worry about yourself.

Don’t assume just because you have talent, schools will come to you – take charge & be proactive.

Don’t think anything is “owed” to you

Don't send out mass e-mails. Personalize your notes and only send to schools you would seriously consider attending. Don't send e-mails addressed to the wrong coach at the wrong school.

Don’t e-mail coaches using an e-mail address you might think is funny but which you may regret or find embarrassing down the road. Most coaches will likely think twice about recruiting an athlete whose e-mail address is norulz4me.

Don't let an ill advised 100 character tweet cost you a $ 100,000 scholarship.

Don't forget to check your e-mail and voice mail regularly  ... always respond to coaches quickly and definitively.

Don’t take the" D1 or bust" route or limit yourself to just one or two schools. It’s a learning process and by having a healthy and varied list of schools to start with you’ll learn a lot both about schools and what appeals to you and may be the best fit for you.

Don’t burn any bridges , be polite and respond to all coaches e-mails. If you’re certain you’re no longer interested in a school save everybody time and trouble by politely letting them know – remember, coaches talk to each other.

Don't deluge coaches with e-mails or phone calls. It's important to stay in contact with coaches, a couple of times a month is good, several times a week or daily is likely to put you in the nuisance pile, remember you are contacting coaches who are thinking do I want to work with this kid for the next 4 or 5 years?

Don't rely on verbal offers and say no to other potential schools. Until you get it in writing it's not binding, don't be left out in the cold!

Don't freak out if things are not progressing as quickly as you thought they would. The recruiting process is a marathon not a sprint.

